Adding retirement message for SFBO search cmdlets (#8909)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Get-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberInventoryCountries.md

## SYNOPSIS
Use the `Get-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberInventoryCountries` cmdlet to retrieve a list of countries with telephone number inventories by specified region and telephone number inventory types.

**Note**:

> As of April 30th the existing Skype for Business PowerShell Commandlets for Telephone Number Search and related activities will become end of life and will no long be available for use, the new Teams PowerShell Commandlets for Telephone Number Search and related activities are already available and can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/new-csonlinetelephonenumberorder?view=teams-ps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of April 30, 2022, the existing Skype for Business PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities will be deprecated and will no long be available for use. The new Teams PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities are already available. For more details, see [New-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberOrder](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/new-csonlinetelephonenumberorder?view=teams-ps).
```

> As of April 30, 2022, the existing Skype for Business PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities will be deprecated and will no long be available for use. The new Teams PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities are already available. For more details, see [New-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberOrder](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/new-csonlinetelephonenumberorder?view=teams-ps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of April 30, 2022, the existing Skype for Business PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities will be deprecated and will no longer be available for use. The new Teams PowerShell cmdlets for telephone number search and related activities are already available. For more details, see [New-CsOnlineTelephoneNumberOrder](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/new-csonlinetelephonenumberorder?view=teams-ps).
```
